We are here again, too
a second we are gone
now at the stand of kühnel and this year
next to me the adele is the woman boldly
this year in person and we will be together
Now look a little bit because we
also have something very special namely
we can do that in the woman now
explain a bit
yes we have the company bold and yours
this year the german
won musical instruments prize
that is not so unique for now
We have to say we already have it
won six times with different
instruments
this year was advertised the
tenor trombone and our model rad
loses 512
German this years
won musical instruments prize
specifically what is this model made of
our variety of bosau models
yes hello ingo christ i hello that is
the sure instrument that's 2014
there you can say that is from the
baath losier series the biggest model
there are some help from the hole
different models and that is in
Compared correctly allround camera
so you can all play jazz
Brand leader can join who can you
take musical stuff and so on
the short description of the instrument
wonderful can perhaps yet
just a bit of what the material is
that we have a few more information under tel
This is brass brass now
Built and the trains are made of nickel silver
that is material there is not in it
that is sure wonderful then corrosion
Many thanks woman could
Let's take a look further
what else have beautiful yet
brought novelties is the novelty
this year has a bass trombone with
So you are for the big orchestra
equipped with sensors we have the
also lose with normal word
So the already many years in our
program are new in this
year
Earn these with hagman and as well
one could bass trombone which stop only at
special pieces of music like Wagner's
is used so it is not so
these regular emotions are in everyone
is used also in orchestra
we are built wonderfully
we look absolutely beautiful too
when we arrived we have
seen something else you have something new
in trumpet area because more short
We also have three for that
trumpets in the program and work too
This year a new model here
so
a concrete beet with a novel
machine now has for us
one-piece trains if you like that
Once demonstrated that is you can see
here is otherwise stated in the guild
and here are the trains dressed
that will stop playing then
again on better address and
different game feeling
Maybe that's what you mean
have special on this instrument
This mechanical engineering can be relatively large
piece and therefore on their firm
you can do that on a large scale
I play what wonderful orchestra I still play
We discovered last year
ever talked about it but we
had to visit us in january
the lord burger maybe we can
another two things short again
demonstrate
Professor, I painted a lot of burba
years already connected with our company
we have rené trumpets with him
developed together this is this time
The castle alone last year was that
new model which makes it the model premium
with these patented rwe failed
this line is also insert
a piccolo trumpet and such a small one
programs as a show instrument
can be used
wonderful woman king thanks you for
Thank you very much for your time
I wish you even better fair days